add "The New Session Request Redirect not Followed Timeout" error-message | TPT-245 (#1773)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/error-messages.md

- Make sure you're launching an appropriate number of jobs for your account.
- If you see this error with iOS Simulator tests, please make sure the timeouts in your test runner/framework are set to a sufficient duration to allow iOS Simulator tests to start up. We recommend a minimum of 2 minutes.

> ### The New Session Request Redirect not Followed Timeout

Author: Or 
```suggestion
### The New Session Request Redirect Was Not Followed Before Timeout
```

**Description**

> Your tests start took longer to assign a Sauce Labs Virtual Machine but your test runner did not follow new session redirect before timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your test session was abandoned because it took longer than 45 seconds to assign a Sauce Labs Virtual Machine, and your test runner did not follow the new session redirect before timeout.
```

**Cause**

> - client-side requests throttling/errors. Please check logs from your test runner for any errors.
> - see related [New Session Request was Cancelled before a Sauce Labs Virtual Machine was Found](#the-new-session-request-was-cancelled-before-a-sauce-labs-virtual-machine-was-found) error for more hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main cause for this error is client-side request throttling/errors. Make sure to check the logs from your test runner for any errors.
See the related [New Session Request was Cancelled before a Sauce Labs Virtual Machine was Found](#the-new-session-request-was-cancelled-before-a-sauce-labs-virtual-machine-was-found) error message for more information.
```
